Craig lumix on the fishing monthly
magazines we're here today showing the
Vigo led bung like just when you thought
you couldn't add any more teeth transom
other than a transducer and pickups you
can now replace your standard bung with
an LED light to attract fish to your
boat at night so you can not only see
your fish to catch more so we're going
to show you today how to fit this very
easy steps you don't need to be a
tradesman and you'll be on the water in
5-10 minutes so what we've done is we've
drilled out the two existing rivets that
were there from the factory we've taken
that out that is the old one no longer
need that and inside the pack there is
two pieces so you've got your bum and
you've got your your casing so if if
this thread here is not the same as
what's in your boat which we found
fitting to the Hornet that is a Quint
wrecked style thread this being a
bluefin same diameter but unfortunately
that thread is different so that doesn't
matter we replace this part so basically
this will fit in here like so but first
what we're going to do fits in there
like that so first what we're going to
do is put a nice bead of silicon make
sure this is all clean inside and then
screw it away so what we've done is
we've removed the original one and put a
nice bead of silicone on there try and
use a marine grade silicon and we've
replaced it with the new housing
standard I had to pop rivets we've
decided to put a couple of screws in
there
you don't need to go too tight here so
that's their the housing in place so now
we've hooked up the main wire to the
bathroom and it's just a positive
negative
we've now need to install the connectors
lights working and it's just like the
normal values you would place again and
your wire efficient there you have it
it's that easy to install anyone can do
it more information WWE are my home
today you have a look you'll be
surprised what I'll do people
easy as three steps removing some old